A desperate attempt to free a child from
beneath the rubble in gaza's jabalia
refugee
camp there's no more fuel to run the
equipment used to dig through the debris
to get her
out residents resort to shovels and
their bare hands but it's too
late desperation in hospitals too gaza's
biggest medical facility has been
surrounded and then searched by Israeli
soldiers for days denied fuel to keep
medical equipment running the hospital's
director tells Al jazer all ICU patients
have died we are carrying surgical
operations without anesthetic without
even oxygen we are doing performing
surgical operations with least medical
supplies and medical resources at hand
on some occasions we are forced to leave
patients to die because we are helping
place we cannot perform any uh surgical
operation onto them the least we can do
is to give them some painkillers
intervenous painkiller to let those
victims die in
peace and premature babies without
functioning incubators oxygen or
electricity continue to die really
totally terrifying situation here the
Israeli
and the Israeli troops have been uh
around moving within the hospital area
all over the hospital the the situation
is is totally you know like difficult
and they are shooting all the time all
the all the areas are bombing of the
hospital fewer and few of gaza's
hospitals are open and just barely
operating
in the middle of chaos one nurse
receives the body of her sister's
son Rescuers no longer have the capacity
to search for the living and there's
little time to mourn the dead before
Palestinians in Gaza are forced to
confront the next catastrophe coming
their
way across the strip a chronic shortage
of fuel and food is bringing infections
and hunger sewage and sanitary systems
are down and Wastewater has spilled onto
the streets of residential areas already
leveled by Air
Raids all life has stopped the sewers
have stopped working there's no fuel the
rubbish is overflowing everywhere the
bakeries have
stopped there's rubbish in the streets
and sickness has spread what more can I
tell you than
that the United Nations says that
outbreaks of disease have already
started to spread and will only get
worse badad mahichi Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer